gym animals in this short
video we will talk about weight loss or
suppose I wanted to lose weight
very quickly they know what it is
better to do better focus
exclusively on aerobic training
cardiovascular as running bike and e
whatever else neglecting that in nairobi
go weight lifting in the gym because
generally an aerobic workout
burns far more calories than a
then weight training in the gym
many of you have thought of sending to
that country neglecting the training
anaerobic then lifting weights in
gym in favor of training
more cardiovascular fanny because
burns more calories but generally
this is not the case first
let the arts quest that has always
busy just burning to lose
weight and you don't care about anything
look like a breadstick you don't need
follow this channel see in this
channel I teach you how to get the
physique of a Greek god now leave me
explain why I don't think it's good
only do cardio training e
neglect weight training this not
it works
first of all they are two activities
different that have a lot of benefits
different
then anaerobic training
Intense weight training was
scientifically proven
there are many studies that prove
this is an anaerobic training
intense can increase your levels of
gh up to six times more then
the growth hormone of a hormone
very important when it comes to
lose weight to burn fat because
precisely it favors the mobilization and the
fat loss
ok so this is one while
very intense aerobic training
generally releases lactic acid and
this is a kata boric hormone is ok
completely the opposite the training
anaerobic promotes an environment
anabolic for your body then
only development will proceed
muscles as the race more than makes
go and produce that lactic acid
that bolic or paper also burns
muscle mass so go get lost in
both fronts
second thing when you develop mass
your calorie needs
daily increases because it is more muscle
and muscles require energy for
therefore also maintain a status of
rest if you are more muscular, burn more
calories during the day
third thing is that the training
anaerobic weight lifting goes to
produce an effect called ep york is
generally in the fitness world it comes
called as the room for an effect
or your body burns more calories
of some burns generally at rest
in the hours following your training
Weights are now many scientific studies
showing that it is training
aerobic aerobic they go to produce
this effect only that
point difference there are so many studies
scientific studies that prove this that
aerobic training extends this
this process this effect up to
stones hours after training while
in the case of a weight training this
effect is extended up to 36 hours
after
this generally means if
watching TV at rest consumption 60
calories each hour after a workout
instead of burning ss 60 calories per hour
in burning 70 to rai lawn rest but yes
what do you want 10 extra calories to be
for paths I realize that this effect is
extension for 30 36 hours of course I am
over 300 extra calories you burn and
this is an effect that also
aerobic training, however, obviously
not of the same duration
so these are the pros and cons of
these two activities are very different according to
me no need to exclude any finds
place in the training program of
each of us
both have benefits of course
use your head and know how to use it
having said that I remind you that if you have
need a training program
customized according to yours
constitution to your lifestyle click
the link you see here overlay e
I greet you with this, we'll talk to you soon
click i like it
let me know what your questions are
leaving them below in the section
comments
see you soon hi